unfortunately for me at the time there
was actually a Gracie chapter grappling
school just down the street from the
karate school that I was training at
which my karate training it kind of
faded and all I was really doing was
kickboxing at the time yes and so I
started training with this group of guys
and that's where I learned my my like my
base skill but after a while I I was
just the kind of person that was
accelerating quickly in the sport and I
kind of I've been at that school for a
while but began to outgrow it so then I
started doing video tapes and at one
point I my buddy Josh he and I were
training in the shed and hits for this
property and it was just like a little
12 x 12 x 15 or 12 x 20 shed that a lot
more equipment had been cleared out of
and we threw well you know a little
layer of red carpet down i think we
chose red so that you couldn't see all
the Bloods it was shit in that you know
she was shed in the shed I guess but you
know I mean you justyou scuffing up
knees and then we had holes in over the
wall because there was some like you
know like kind of like a but I don't
know what it's called that old 70s like
whoo Formica would walling that you can
put up you know yeah we kind of put that
up and so we trained therefore for about
a year and a half I guess because we
were there for two summers in a winter
and it was extremely hot and freezing
and then it definitely time friends I
knew it opened up a gym in the town that
i was living in and said hey I'll
reserve this space for you guys to train
so we actually had a facility to train
in but still no instructors and I was
still at the time just working out with
my friends I was watching videotapes
they were watching videotapes and we
would just come to the training sessions
with ideas and just work from there and
I trained there for a little while and
it was not long afterwards that I'd run
into George yeah uh kind of kind of
shift gears again if you get your title
back again do you want to move up to 100
to 205 you know all I mean that whole
cinderella story me get my title back
defendant in a couple times moving up to
205 taking that title that all sounds
great and and I'm not opposed to that
that'd be a great way for me to be
remembered when i'm done but
at this point in time I'm primarily I'm
worried about this March third fight and
then beyond that I'm worried about
getting my 185-pound title back and I
think that if I try to lose focus and
get my mind set on too many goals at one
time i'm just gonna make the mistake of
both you know being unfocused yeah how
many flights do you want to have under
your belt before you try to get that
title back from Silva it really doesn't
matter me I fight this fight if i win
the UFC says your next bites for a
rematch then so be it if if I fight this
fight and they say we're gonna give you
one more contender flight before we
actually put you in title shot again and
that's fine with me whatever the
organization decides to do I'm I'm game
all right well if I to fight to fight
it's just me and another guy stand on
the opposite side the Octagon trying to
be yeah what did you think of a rampage
jackson coming and uh and on a fedora
croak croak out i wanna call i was gonna
say fate or a cro cop what about those
guys uh their entrance to the UFC well i
mean obviously Cro Cop made a big splash
but i don't think he was really tested
either uh that's a good point jackson on
the other hand arm you know he'd fought
Marvin Eastman a long time ago Marvin
easement beat him too yeah but that was
before quite a Jackson with Quinton
Jackson yeah absolutely yeah and it
wasn't I mean as you know probably
wasn't a was a great display of Quinn
skills and he's out he's a great he
looked a little off the mark that night
and he admittedly so in his post-fight
interview and everything and I was a bit
surprised about uh you know him saying
that uh he may need another couple
fights before he's actually ready step
in there were Chuck because I believe
that's the whole reason why the
organization brought him in and so that
rematch up ya know you know I but I
think I think he's gonna if he was
jittery or nervous or whatever the
reason was that he was offered mark that
night I think that filling up working
that out and he's going to become a
formidable absolute 205-pound contender
yeah you will be he's uh I mean aside
from the you're pretty good friends with
Chuck right yeah I mean you know pinay
talking I don't call him on Friday night
to see we doing we talk at all the show
well that a fight the fight with chuck
liddell aside with Quinn Jackson do you
think that the
American fans gonna take him like the
Japanese ones did with take to Quentin
ya dunia aside Prize winner well I think
so i think he has a good stick he comes
in and got the chain in the hell and and
in it's just different you know is it
something the kind of to remember him by
got the whole urban look with the camo
pants and everything and there's just
the subject i think it marketable yeah
he's totally marketable totally
marketable so alright well rich franklin
thanks so much for being on cage talk
with us tonight we really appreciate and
we know you're busy